That's a great question. You want ultimately, to have strong, positive
letters. So my advice is Thio pick people number one who like you,
Um, number two who know you pretty well. So So one of the most common
things that happens, for instance, in my own career is I have students
who have taken a class with me and, you know, have enjoyed the
class, maybe came to office hours a couple of times and talk to me.
And then they're gonna apply for grad graduate school, and they asked
me if I could write them a letter. And while I'm willing, I always
advise them that given the very limited nature of our relationship,
there is really not much I can say about them individually that, you
know, couldn't be assessed from, like maybe reading their transcripts.
And so that's a week letter, you know, letters that can't offer
anything more than she was a good student and showed up to class on
time and always raised her hand and knew the right answer. That's not
a strong letter. Um, um you want someone to be able to testify thio
other things like your work ethic through experience with you. You
know your ability to think on your feet your ability to manage adversity
and setbacks. Um, you know, your leadership abilities. Also,
your ability to be a team member thes air, all things that are really
going to make your letter strong. And so, you know, people who can
testify to those things are people that you have worked with closely,
Um, and so you know, you want to You don't want to be in a position
of looking at who you know who could maybe fill those positions who
fit those bills. What you really want to dio is you want to start
creating those people by, you know, starting to work with faculty members
starting Thio dio a new internship position. Um, you know, finding
a job that that has something to do with the skill sets that you're
going to need to be successful in graduate school. So you want
to start creating your letter writers instead of trying to find them
at some point when you want apply to graduate school. The other thing
that I would also strongly recommend is that you are very up front
and say to your letter writers in the process of asking them, I would
love a strong positive letter of recommendation from you. Could
you provide me with one? Don't just say, Can you write me a letter?
Because anyone can write a letter. But you want a strong, positive
letter, and so you want to be very explicit. And that also gives the
faculty member and out. Because if they really kind of feel like you
know what? I can't They can tell you that they can say, You know,
I'm not sure if I could write a really strong, positive letter, and
that kind of gives them an out because you don't want anyone writing
you a letter. Who is not writing you a strong, positive letter.